Hello everyone!
Thank you for being here Today !
first of all,I want to introduce my self. My name is Hung . I work in IT Part of SamSung SDI VietNam.
Today I am very excited to talk to u about The Important of Sleep. I hope that by the end of my Prentation 
U will have a better understanding of the important of Sleep.

1. My Presentation will start with one question.
Have you ever wondered how skipping sleep can affect your health and performance ?
In My presentation I will help you answer this question!
My Presentation forcus on 4 content 
1.What is Sleep?
2.The Stages of Sleep
3.What Happens When You Don't Sleep Enough
4.Tips for Improving Sleep Quality

- Firstly, We will study about What is Sleep?

Sleep is a natural state of rest and relaxation . 
It's a time when our bodies repair and minds to rest . 
Our brain waves slow down and become more synchronized.

- To understand more about what is sleep, let's move on to the next slide to learn about "The Stages of Sleep"
+ Stage 1 is Light sleep,it is when you're drifting off and waking up. Your brain waves slow down and your muscles relax
+ Stage 2 is a deeper stage of sleep. Your brain waves slow down even more, and your heart rate and breathing slow down
+ Stage 3 The deepest stage of sleep, where the body repairs and rebuilds itself
+ finaly Stage is REM sleep,REM sleep is an active stage of sleep where your eyes move rapidly behind your eyelids. 
Your brain is active and you can have dreams

previous slide and this slide I prensented for u knowledge about What is Sleep , stage of sleep

- The next slide , i will show for u " What Happens When You Don't Sleep Enough"
+ the first Impact on your body when You Don't Sleep Enough is Harder to Think Clearly.
 It's tough for u to focus, make decisions, and remember things.
+ the second Impact is More Accidents and Mistakes.
When u don't Sleep enough , you will feel Tired , Being tired can slow your reactions 
and make accidents more likely, especially while driving.
+ The third Impact is Your immune system will weaken When u don't Sleep enough.
you will more likely to get sick
+ and the finally Impact is Mood Swings and Irritability.
You may feel more easily upset or have a hard time controlling your emotions.
I only show for u 4 impact when u don't sleep enough.I think that has given you an understanding of the importance of sleep.
- The finally content , i will show for u some tips for Improving Sleep Quality
+ the first tips for u is Establish a Regular Sleep Schedule. it mean is Yu Shoud go to bed and wake up around the same time every day.
+ the second tips is Create a Relaxing Bedtime Routine . Example: Warm bath, reading, listening to calming music
+ the third tips is Optimize Your Sleep Environment .Example: Make sure your bedroom is dark, quiet,cool and comfortable 
+ the finally is Limit Caffeine and Alcohol. this tip means avoiding caffeine and alcohol in the hours before bedtime, as they can interfere with your sleep quality.

the last silde , i want to make conclustion :
firstly. we've explored:
What is Sleep?
The stages of the sleep cycle
What Happens When You Don't Sleep Enough
Tips for Improving Sleep Quality
So, this is all I  wanted to say about :
Sleep is essential for our physical and mental well-being.
taking care of our sleep is important for our health and productivity. Let's apply the strategies we've shared to get deeper, higher-quality sleep.
Thank you all for listening and for your attention today.
If you have any questions, I’d love to hear them.
One more Thank you, and have a great day!















 
  
